LET'S GET STARTED.
>> WELCOME TO THE AUGUST TWENTY
THIRD TWENTY TWENTY THREE
ZONING BOARD APPEALS MEETING.
I'M CANDACE BRIER, CHAIRPERSON
OF THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
.
THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS IS
A NINE PERSON VOLUNTEER BOARD
NOMINATED BY THE MAYOR AND
APPROVED BY CITY COUNCIL.
FIRST WE WILL HEAR FROM
PLANNING SERVICES REPRESENTED
TONIGHT BY JOHN BARRETT, THEN
THE APPLICANT OR THEIR
REPRESENTATIVE WILL MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION.
APPLICANTS WILL HAVE FIVE
MINUTES IN WHICH TO MAKE A
PRESENTATION.
STAFF WILL KEEP TIME AND WILL
ANNOUNCE WHEN 30 SECONDS
REMAINING PUBLIC COMMENT IS
AVAILABLE IN PERSON OR REMOTELY
.
>> WE WILL FIRST CALL AN
INDIVIDUALS PRESENT TO ADDRESS
THE BOARD THEN REMOTE
PARTICIPANTS TO SPEAK DURING A
PUBLIC HEARING OR DURING PUBLIC
COMMENT REMOTELY PRESS STAR
NINE IF LISTENING BY PHONE OR
USE THE RAISED HAND FEATURE IF
VIEWING THROUGH THE WEBLINK FOR
PHONE ACCESS CALL EIGHT SEVEN
SEVEN EIGHT FIVE THREE FIVE TO
FOUR SEVEN AND ENTER MEETING ID
NINE THREE EIGHT ONE SIX FOUR
EIGHT ONE ZERO ZERO SEVEN CITY
STAFF WILL SELECT CALLERS THAT
HAVE RAISED THEIR HAND USING
THE LAST THREE DIGITS OF THEIR
PHONE NUMBER
OR BY NAME IF
AVAILABLE FOR THOSE ACCESSING
THROUGH THE WEBLINK YOU WILL
HEAR AN AUTOMATED ANNOUNCEMENT
THAT THE HOST IS ALLOWING YOU
TO SPEAK WHEN SPEAKING PLEASE
MOVE TO A QUIET AREA AND MUTE
ANY TELEVISION BACKGROUND
SOUNDS.
WE MAY ASK QUESTIONS OF EITHER
THE APPLICANT OR THE CITY.
>> WE WILL ACKNOWLEDGE ANY
WRITTEN COMMENTS RECEIVED BY
THE BOARD.
>> WE WILL ALLOW AN APPEARING
PARTY TO EXPRESS THEIR SUPPORT
OR OBJECTIONS.
THE BOARD WILL THEN DISCUSS THE
APPEAL AND FORMULATE A MOTION
TO APPROVE THE APPEAL.
FIVE AFFIRMATIVE VOTES OF THE
BOARD WILL BE REQUIRED FOR AN
APPEAL TO BE GRANTED.
>> FINALLY, ANY QUALIFIED PARTY
WHO IS AGGRIEVED BY A DECISION
OF THE BOARD CAN APPEAL THAT
DECISION TO THE WASHTENAW
COUNTY CIRCUIT COURT ON A
TIMELY BASIS.
>> ROLL CALL CANDICE BREYER.
I AM HERE TO GRANT DAVE DEVOTEE
DAVE ALREADY HERE CHRIS MADIGAN
HERE SADARA CLERK GRACE WHITNEY
HERE MCDANIEL HERE.
>> DHARMA ECKMANN HERE.
CHRISTINA GOOSENECK.
>> WE HAVE A QUORUM MOVING ON
TO APPROVAL OF THE AGENDA.
I WILL KNOW BRIEFLY I WILL NEED
TO RECUSE MYSELF FROM THE
SECOND ITEM ON OUR AGENDA
PETITION QUBA TWENTY THREE ZERO
ZERO ONE NINE SO DAVE WILL TAKE
OVER CHAIR DUTIES DURING THAT
APPEAL BUT OTHERWISE ARE THERE
ANY QUESTIONS, COMMENTS,
CHANGES TO THE AGENDA IF NOT TO
HAVE A MOTION TO APPROVE THE
AGENDA?
THANK YOU DAVE.
SUPPORT FROM DERMO.
>> THANK YOU ALL IN FAVOR I
HIGH POST MOVING ON TO APPROVAL
OF MINUTES WE HAVE MINUTES FROM
THE JUNE 28TH TWENTY TWENTY
THREE MEETING AS WELL AS THE
JULY 26TH TWENTY TWENTY THREE
MEETING SO I GUESS WE CAN TAKE
THEM INDIVIDUALLY.
WE'LL START WITH JUNE ANY
QUESTIONS COMMENTS CORRECTIONS
ON THOSE MINUTES IF NOT DO I
HAVE A MOTION TO APPROVE THE
JUNE MINUTES.
THANK YOU MIKE.
SUPPORT.
>> I'M GRACE THANK YOU FAVOR I
OPPOSE.
ALL RIGHT.
AND NOW JULY ANY QUESTIONS,
COMMENTS, CORRECTIONS ON THOSE
TWO?
I HAVE A MOTION TO APPROVE
THOSE MINUTES.
>> MY THANKS SUPPORT SUPPORT.
>> THANK YOU ALL IN FAVOR.
I OPPOSED.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO PUBLIC HEARINGS WE
HAVE PETITION ZIBA TWENTY THREE
DASH ZERO ZERO ONE THREE THREE
SEVEN TWO ZERO WINDEMERE DRIVE
JOHN
THE FIRST PETITION FOR US
THIS EVENING IZIBOR TWENTY
THREE DASH ZERO ZERO ONE THREE
THE ADDRESSES THIRTY SEVEN
TWENTY WINDEMERE DRIVE LIUBA
SHAMALA MADINA VICH PROPERTY
OWNER REPRESENTED THIS EVENING
BY LILIAN'S OUR ATTORNEY IS
REQUESTING A TWO FOOT VARIANCE
FROM SECTION FIVE POINT TWENTY
SIX POINT TWO SUBSECTION THREE
FENCES AND RESIDENTIAL ZONING
DISTRICTS IN ORDER TO CONSTRUCT
A TEN FOOT PRIVACY FENCE AND
THE REAR YARD THE MAXIMUM
HEIGHT FOR A FENCE IN THE REAR
YARD IS EIGHT FEET TALL.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY ZONED R1
BE SINGLE FAMILY DWELLING
DISTRICT THE SUBJECT PROPERTY
IS IN THE AIR HARTNELL
SUBDIVISION ON THE SOUTH SIDE
OF WINDEMERE DRIVE NORTH
OF GLACIER WAY AND WEST
OF ERHART ROAD.
THE RESIDENCE WAS BUILT IN
NINETEEN EIGHTY FIVE AND IS
APPROXIMATELY TWO THOUSAND TWO
HUNDRED AND SEVEN SQUARE FEET
IN SIZE.
THE OWNER IS REQUESTING A TWO
FOOT VARIANCE FOR A REAR YARD
PRIVACY FENCE THAT WILL SCREEN
THE ADJACENT PROPERTY TO THE
EAST.
THE PROPERTY LOCATED AT THIRTY
SEVEN FORTY WINDERMERE DRIVE
OBTAINED A RESIDENTIAL BUILDING
PERMIT WHICH IS BUILDING PERMIT
ELEVEN DASH ELEVEN NINETY NINE
AND AUGUST SIXTEENTH 2011 FOR A
FOUR HUNDRED TWENTY FIVE SQUARE
FOOT ADDITION TO THE WEST SIDE
OF THEIR HOME.
THE SUBMITTED SITE PLAN
INDICATED THE ADDITION TO BE A
MINIMUM OF SIX FEET FIVE INCHES
FROM THE WESTERN LAND LINE.
THE MINIMUM SIDE SETBACK FOR
THE R-1 BE SINGLE FAMILY
DWELLING DISTRICT IS FIVE FEET
ACCORDING TO THE SURVEY
SUBMITTED BY THE APPLICANT.
THE ADDITION IS THREE POINT
SEVEN FEET FROM THE SIDE LOT
LINE THE APPLICANT IS
REQUESTING A TWO FOOT FENCE
HEIGHT VARIANCE FOR THE LENGTH
OF THE FENCE THAT WILL BE
APPROXIMATELY THIRTY FOUR FEET
IN LENGTH.
THERE ARE FOUR PANELS THAT ARE
ALL EIGHT FEET FIVE INCHES IN
LENGTH FIELD TURN YOUR
ATTENTION TO THE MONITORS YOU
SEE THE FIRST SLIDE IS THE
LOCATION MAP WITH THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY HIGHLIGHTED IN YELLOW
IN THE CENTER OF YOUR SCREEN ON
THE SOUTH SIDE OF WINDEMERE
DRIVE JUST NORTH OF GLACIER WAY
.
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE AERIAL
MAP SHOWING THE SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES AND EXISTING
CONDITIONS AND THE NEXT SLIDE
SHOWS A ZOOMED IN AERIAL OF THE
SUBJECT PROPERTY.
AND IF YOU SEE MY CURSOR THE
APPLICANT IS REQUESTING THE
FENCE TO BE LOCATED ADJACENT TO
THE SOUTH EAST CORNER OF HIS
PROPERTY DOWN THE PROPERTY LONG
LINE ALONG HERE FOR THE LENGTH
OF THE THIRTY FOUR FEET AT TEN
FEET TALL.
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE SURVEY
THAT WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE
APPLICATION AND IT SAYS RIGHT
HERE WITH THIS SURVEY SHOWS
THAT THE THREE POINT SEVEN FEET
EAST OF THE PROPERTY LINE AND
YOU SEE THAT RELATIONSHIP
BETWEEN THE TWO PROPERTIES.
>> THE NEXT SLIDE IS A DETAIL
OF THE PROPOSED FENCE.
YOU SEE THE ELEVATIONS AND THE
DETAILS AND THE DRAWINGS AND
THE PROPOSED LOCATION AS I WAS
INDICATING EARLIER JUST OFF THE
SOUTHEAST CORNER STRAIGHT DOWN
IN THE SOUTHERLY DIRECTION.
THESE ARE THE PHOTOS THAT I
TOOK AND MY INSPECTION THIS IS
THE FRONT OF THE PROPERTY AND
THIS IS THE REAR OF THE
EXISTING RESIDENCE LOOKING
DIRECTLY AT THE SOUTHERN SIDE
OF THE PROPERTY.
>> AND IN THIS SLIDE YOU SEE
THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE
TWO DWELLING UNITS.
THE LEFT SIDE IS THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY.
THE RIGHT SIDE IS THE NEIGHBORS
AND YOU SEE THE EXISTING
CONDITIONS AND THE PROPOSED
FENCES TO BE OFF THIS CORNER
COMING DOWN THIS DIRECTION.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS A
DIFFERENT RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN
THE TWO PROPERTIES.
THIS IS LOOKING NORTH BETWEEN
THE TWO PROPERTIES EXCUSE ME
SOUTH BETWEEN THE TWO
PROPERTIES.
I'M ON THE EASTERN SIDE OF THE
SUBJECT PROPERTY IN THE WESTERN
SIDE OF THE ADJACENT PROPERTY
AND YOU SEE THE SURVEY STEAK
MARKERS IN THE GROUND.
THIS IS LOOKING FROM THE REAR
OF THE PROPERTY TOWARDS THE
TOWARDS THE FRONT TOWARDS THE
NORTH AND YOU SEE THE JUST A
LITTLE BIT DIFFERENT ANGLE
OF THE PROPERTY AND YOU CAN SEE
THE PROPERTY STAKES IN THE
PICTURE AS WELL.
>> AND THIS IS LOOKING DIRECTLY
TOWARDS THE BACK REAR FLAT LINE
OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY.
THIS WAS THE SITE PLAN THAT WAS
SUBMITTED WITH THE BUILDING
PERMIT FROM 2011 THAT I
MENTIONED AND THIS IS THE NEW
ADDITION TO THE NEIGHBORS AND
IT SHOWS THE SIX AND A HALF
FOOT DISTANCE THAT WAS WAS
INDICATED ON THE BUILDING
PERMIT.
THAT IS THE END OF THE
CONCLUSION OF MY PRESENTATION.
>> I CAN TAKE ANY QUESTIONS
THAT YOU HAVE AT THIS TIME.
THANK YOU, JOHN.
>> QUESTIONS CAN I ASK YOU THE
PICTURE SO SURE THE CORRECT SO
YOU'VE GOT SO LOOKING AT THIS
PICTURE THE ONE ON THE RIGHT
THAT WAS THE BUILDING PERMIT
SIDE PLAN THAT YOU SHOWED AT
THE END OF THAT PRESENTATION.
YES.
WAS FOR THAT EDITION IN 2011.
>> THAT'S CORRECT.
AND IT COMPLIES WITH SETBACK
REQUIREMENTS OR NOT?
>> IT DOES NOT ACCORDING THE
SURVEY THAT WAS SUBMITTED IT'S
SUPPOSED TO BE FIVE FEET OFF
THE SIDE LIKE MINUS THREE POINT
SEVEN FEET.
SO APPROXIMATELY THREE FEET TEN
INCHES AND THEY DID NOT GET A
VARIANCE THE IN 2001 NO THAT
ADDITIONS AND WE DIDN'T CATCH
THE CITY DID NOT CATCH THAT NO
.
ANY OF THE QUESTIONS MIKE SO
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN THAT HAPPENS?
>> IS THERE ANY RECOURSE FOR
THE CITY HERE WHILE I WASN'T
HERE AT THIS TIME?
>> NO, I KNOW THE CITY IS NOT
IN THE BUSINESS OF MAKING
PEOPLE TEAR DOWN STRUCTURES AT
THIS POINT.
IT'S IT'S A IT'S A NICE IT'S A
NON IT'S A NON CONFORMING
SITUATION.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON.
>> IT'S A NON COMMON SITUATION
.
>> PEOPLE UNDERSTOOD THINGS
SAID
ALL RIGHT EVERYONE MYNAME
IS THAT BETTER THOUGH
IN ONE TO
THREE
TESTING I'M NOT GOING TO
ANY OTHER QUESTION FOR JOHN.
>> I THINK IF YOU WERE WAITING
WITH THE YOU TAKE ME THREE
BE
BACK AFTER TEST
OF THOSE LONG
BEFORE THE RESULTS ARE MADE
OF THOSE OH YOU KNOW, THERE'S
NO AUDIO ON THE VIDEO IS I'M
NOT SURE THAT I NEED YOU TO DO
OK WITH THAT TESTING.
>> YEAH, THAT'S GOOD.
>> NO I THINK WE'RE GOOD NOW.
OK, LET'S TRY TO MOVE FORWARD
RIGHT BEFORE IT GOES HAYWIRE
AGAIN.
>> ERM I THINK YOU'RE FINISHING
YOUR STATEMENT ABOUT IT.
YOU STARTED ECHOING WHEN YOU
SAID I THINK IT WAS A TRICKY
SITUATION AT THIS POINT THE
STRUCTURE WOULD BE CONSIDERED A
NON CONFORMING STRUCTURE.
>> GOTCHA.
SO YEAH I'M JUST CURIOUS AND
ALLOWED TO REMAIN AS THIS GOT
YOU.
ALL RIGHT THANKS JOHN.
ALL RIGHT.
IF THE APPLICANT IS HERE YOU
CAN COME FORWARD AND MAKE YOUR
PRESENTATION.
YOU'LL HAVE FIVE MINUTES BEFORE
MY FIVE MINUTE TIME STARTS.
IS IT OK IF I ASK A TECHNICAL
QUESTION?
YEAH, MY CLIENT IS ONLINE AND
HE MESSAGED ME THAT HE CANNOT
HEAR MR BARRETT WHEN HE WAS
MAKING THE PRESENTATION.
SO I'M WORRIED THAT HE'S NOT
HAVING ACCESS TO THIS MEETING.
IS THAT OK IF I CONFIRM GIVE
HIM A CALL JUST TO CONFIRM THAT
HE CAN HEAR HIM OR IS THERE A
WAY THAT YOU GUYS CAN CONFIRM
HE WAS HE TEXTED ME HE WAS
HAVING DIFFICULTIES HEARING MR
BARRETT SPEAK OK, CAN HE HEAR
EVERYONE ELSE?
>> ARE YOU DONE OK?
I DIDN'T
LUCIA, CAN YOU HEAR US
?
DO YOU SEE HIM ON THE ZOOM?
KOURTNEY OK
WHILE THEY'RE DOING
THAT SHOULD I JUST ASK HIM?
YEAH.
YEAH IF YOU WANT TO CHECK AND
SEE IF HE CAN HE CAN HEAR US
NOW I'D BE GREAT MY CLIENTS
HAVING THIS RECORDING IN
PROGRESS YOUR CLIENT
SO WE CAN
HEAR EACH OTHER IN TRIPLICATE.
THIS ROOM CAN HEAR MR
HELLO
THERE IS HELLO.
>> HELLO.
WE CAN HEAR YOU LUCIA MICAWBER
WHO WILL BE SHOT.
THIS IS YOUR ATTORNEY YOU'RE ON
THE ENTIRE ROOM RIGHT NOW.
I JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE CAN
YOU HEAR MR BARRETT WHEN I HANG
UP THIS CALL.
>> NO OK, I'M GOING TO HANG UP
AND WE'RE GOING TO SEE IF YOU
CAN HEAR HIM OK?
>> OK LUCIA CAN YOU CAN YOU
HEAR ME RECORDING IN PROGRESS
IS YOUR CLIENT STILL HAVING
PROBLEMS
?
MR. YES.
I THINK
HE'S GO
GO SHOULD I
KEEP HIM ON MY PHONE NOW?
>> OK, HANG UP AND HOW IS MY
PHONE CONNECTING TO THE SYSTEM
MY PHONE CONNECT THE SYSTEM TO
HELLO.
OH CAN YOU HEAR US.
I CAN HEAR YOU OK.
YES
.
OH YES
THE AUDIO SO UH
IT'S
SUPPOSED TO BE IS STILL WORKING
FOR AND SO THERE'S TWO ISSUES
WHEN YOU GET BACK THAT WELL
YEAH YEAH.
I'VE INTERVIEWED ABOUT THIS
YEAR THAT
WE'RE TESTING ONE,
TWO, THREE TO BE WORKING THE
YEAH IT'S THE COMING OUT
TEST
.
YOU'RE ONE OF THE ONE WITH BE
TESTING ONE TWO THREE THAT'S
BETTER OK AND CAN EVERYONE AND
CAN EVERYONE ON ZOOM.
YEAH YEAH YEAH IT'S SHOULD BE
WORKING OUT YEAH WE WE SURE CAN
YOU HEAR US.
>> YES I COULD HEAR OK AND SAY
ALL RIGHT ALL RIGHT.
OH SO WHENEVER YOU'RE READY I'M
READY YES GO FOR IT SO THANK
YOU MR FOR YOUR PRESENTATION.
I THINK IT WAS CLEARLY KIND
OF SHOWN THE REASON WE'RE
HAVING THIS AND I ESPECIALLY
APPRECIATED YOUR QUESTION
REGARDING THE
KIND OF LIKE WHAT
DO YOU DO NOW?
WHAT'S THE RECOURSE FOR THIS
CITY?
WE'VE GOT A NON CONFORMING
STRUCTURE THAT IS ENCROACHING
ON WHAT THAT ORIGINAL PERMIT
ALLOWED FOR IT AND NOW THE
NEIGHBOR HAS BEEN LIVING WITH
THAT FOR THE LAST SEVERAL YEARS
DOESN'T MEAN THAT HE HAS BEEN
OK WITH IT THE LAST SEVERAL
YEARS.
IT'S BEEN PROBLEMATIC TO THE
POINT WHERE HE FEELS HE CANNOT
USE AND ENJOY HIS HOME LIKE
EVERY CITIZEN ENJOYS THEIR
HOME, ESPECIALLY WHEN THEY ARE
OUTSIDE WHEN HE'S GOT PEOPLE
VISITING, WHEN HE HAS ANYBODY
DOING ANY SORT OF WORK ON HIS
PROPERTY, WHETHER IT BE A
LANDSCAPER OR OR OR ANY GUEST
ONTO HIS PROPERTY.
HE'S GOT THE NEIGHBORS THAT ARE
ON THAT ENCROACHING
NONCONFORMING PROPERTY SIDE
PEEKING IN THROUGH THE WINDOWS,
TAKING PICTURES OF HIS PROPERTY
AND IT'S COME TO THE POINT
WHERE WHATEVER TREES THAT WERE
THERE AS YOU CAN TELL IN THE IN
THE PICTURES SOME ARE LEANING
OVER.
THERE'S BEEN ICE STORMS,
THERE'S BEEN STORMS.
THOSE TREES HAVE HAD TO COME
DOWN.
HE NEEDS SOMETHING MORE
PERMANENT, MORE STABLE TO HAVE
HIM ENJOY HIS PROPERTY.
ALL HE'S ASKING FOR IS A TWO
FEET VARIANCE ALREADY ALLOWS
FOR AN EIGHT FOOT BUT THE EIGHT
FOOT DOESN'T COVER THOSE
WINDOWS THAT YOU SEE ON THAT
SIDE WHERE THEY WOULD STILL BE
ABLE TO PEER OVER THAT EIGHT
FOOT FENCE IF IT WERE ERECTED
AT EIGHT FEET WHERE THEY WOULD
STILL BE ABLE TO SEE THROUGH.
I HAVE A PICTURE HERE OF AN
EXAMPLE OF A SIMILAR PROPERTY
IN ANN ARBOR THAT WAS GRANTED A
TEN FOOT AND AS YOU CAN SEE
IT'S GOT GREENERY AND WAYS TO
MAKE IT LOOK.
YOU KNOW, NOT NOT BE A SORE AND
AND THAT'S ALL HE'S ASKING FOR
AND THE PANELS IT WOULD BE TEN
FEET ONLY IN THE PANELS THAT
COVER THE HOME.
SO AS YOU LOOK AT THE
ARCHITECTURE MAP, IT DOES GO
DOWN TO EIGHT FEET AND THEN
IT'S ONLY A THIRTY FEET FOOT
FENCE.
IT DOESN'T GO AROUND THE ENTIRE
PROPERTY.
IT DOESN'T PREVENT ER FROM FROM
GOING BACK AND FORTH.
IT DOESN'T PREVENT ANYTHING
JUST BASICALLY GIVES HIM THAT
STRUCTURE WHERE HE WOULD BE
ABLE TO RIGHT AN INJUSTICE THAT
WAS KIND OF UPON HIM BY THIS
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE AND I
THINK YOU'RE GOING TO HEAR
ARGUMENTS THAT WELL THERE IS
THE HE HAS APPROVED IT THAT'S A
WHOLE OTHER ROUTE AND OF COURSE
IT RUNS PARALLEL BUT IT'S A
WHOLE OTHER ROUTE WE'RE ASKING
FOR THE VARIANCE AND THEN WE
WILL MY CLIENT'S HAS BEEN
TRYING TO GET AWAY TO TO COME
ON BOARD.
BUT THE PRESIDENT HAS JUST
RESIGNED THIS PERSON THAT WROTE
THE POSING LETTER WHO'S FRIENDS
WITH THE NEIGHBORS OF THE
NONCONFORMING PROPERTY HAS
RECENTLY RESIGNED.
WHEN I SENT HER A LETTER MYSELF
ASKING FOR COMPLIANCE FROM THE
BOARD ON THE WAY ARCHITECTURAL
COMMITTEE THAT IS THE BODY
THAT'S SUPPOSED TO APPROVE
FENCES AND STRUCTURES BEING
BUILT.
THERE'S NO LIKE THE HOMEOWNERS
ASSOCIATION HAS NOT GIVEN HIM
THAT PER THE AGREEMENT.
THEY HAVE NOT GIVEN HIM THAT
ASSOCIATION ARCHITECTURAL
COMMITTEE.
I DON'T KNOW IF IT EXISTS.
I DON'T KNOW IF IT'S THERE.
THE PRESIDENT JUST STOPPED
ANSWERING EMAILS AND SAID I
RESIGNED.
SO THAT'S A WHOLE OTHER ROUTE.
SO I'M COMING TO YOU FOR JUST
THAT TWO FOOT VARIANCE.
OBVIOUSLY ONCE HE THIS IS
APPROVED WE'LL DO OUR BEST TO
KIND OF TRY TO GET THIS BOARD
TO COMPLY WITH US, TRY TO GET
AWAY TO TO TO DO THAT.
SO THAT'S ONE LETTER THAT
YOU'VE GOT THAT IS OPPOSING
THIS.
THE OTHER LETTER IS THE
ATTORNEY FOR FOR THE SPIRES
WHICH IS KIND OF AN MCCARREN
INSPIRES WHICH IS ALSO GOING TO
SAY THE SAME THING AS THE
NEIGHBORS, WHICH IS YOU KNOW,
THIS IS NOT NECESSARY.
>> WE DON'T NEED IT.
HE TOOK DOWN TREES THAT WERE
THERE BUT THANK YOU.
>> BUT I'M TO TELL YOU THE
TREES COME DOWN, THEY LEAN OVER
THEIR STORMS.
WE NEED SOMETHING A LITTLE BIT
MORE PERMANENT.
>> SO THAT IS WHY I HOPE THAT
THIS BOARD CAN HELP MY CLIENT
IN CORRECTING THIS KIND
OF INJUSTICE THAT HAS BEEN PUT
UPON HIS PROPERTY, ALLOW HIM TO
FINALLY HAVE THAT PEACE OF MIND
AND ABILITY TO USE HIS PROPERTY
.
>> AND I THINK THAT THIS IS THE
LEAST INVASIVE WAY AND IT'S NOT
IT'S NOT TEARING DOWN THEIR
STRUCTURE THAT IS
NONCONFORMING.
>> IT'S BASICALLY SAYING KEEP
YOUR STRUCTURE BUT LET ME ENJOY
MINE.
>> THAT'S ALL.
THANK YOU.
ANY QUESTIONS, MIKE?
>> I JUST TRYING TO CONFIRM SO
THE LENGTH OF THE FENCE AT THE
HEIGHT BUT THE LENGTH THE FENCE
BEING PROPOSED WHERE IT IS
GOING TO BE TEN FEET DOES GO
BEYOND THE LENGTH OF THE
STRUCTURE THAT'S NONCONFORMING
OR IS IT JUST AS LONG AS THE
STRUCTURE THAT'S THE STRUCTURE
NO FURTHER NOT IT'S NOT AS FAR
AS I KNOW AND I DON'T I'M
PRETTY SURE THAT THE PLANS ARE
FOR IT TO GO AS FAR AS THE
STRUCTURE AND THE DEC OF THEIR
PROPERTY.
SO NOT ANY FURTHER DOWN THE WAY
.
SO THE REST OF IT IS SUPPOSED
TO BE WHATEVER THAT IS ACQUIRED
BY THIS BY THE ZONING.
>> IF YOU LOOK AT THE WEST
ELEVATION OH NO, NO.
CIRCLE THREE AT THE BOTTOM.
YEAH THAT'S LOOKING FROM THE
SUBJECT PROPERTY TOWARDS THE
EAST AND IT'S THE FIRST TWO
PANELS ARE TEN FEET AND THEN IT
GOES UP A LITTLE BIT PROBABLY
NINE AND THEN EIGHT.
SO IT'S KIND OF GOING TO BE
GRADUAL SO IT'LL BE TEN FOOT
FOR A TOTAL LENGTH OF 17 FEET
TO EIGHT AND A HALF FOOT
SECTIONS.
>> DOES THAT TRACK THE LENGTH
OF THE NONCONFORMING ADJACENT
PROPERTY OR IS IT LONGER THAN
THAT?
>> SO IF YOU LOOK AT THE FENCE
PLAN NEXT TO THAT OR THE AERIAL
YEAH.
YOU SEE THE FIRST TWO SECTIONS
EIGHT AND A HALF AND EIGHT AND
A HALF THOSE ARE THE AT THE TOP
THOSE FIRST TWO SECTIONS WILL
BE THE SEVENTEEN LENGTH AND
THEN IT GOES DOWN TO NINE AND
THEN IT'S A GRADUAL THING WITH
THE DO YOU SEE THAT AND THAT I
SEE IT I MAYBE I'M JUST NOT
GOOD AT LOOKING AT PLANS.
I'M JUST TRYING TO FIND OUT IS
THE TEN FEET PART GOING LONGER
THAN THE NONCOM WARMING
ADJACENT PROPERTY JUST SO THAT
SECOND PANEL THE SECOND EIGHT
AND A HALF FOOT PANEL THAT'S ON
THE SOUTH SIDE.
MM HMM.
THAT CORNER THE SOUTH WEST
CORNER OF THE NONCONFORMING
HOUSE IS ABOUT YOU HALFWAY
THROUGH THE MIDDLE OF THAT
RIGHT.
>> OK, SO IT WOULD GO LONGER.
THANK YOU.
SO TWO PANEL, RIGHT?
YEAH.
SO IT WOULD GO LONGER BY HALF
PANEL BUT I DON'T THINK IT
WOULD I DON'T THINK THEY COULD
DO A HALF A PANEL BE TEN TEN
FEET AND THE OTHER HALF BE
SOMETHING ELSE.
I MEAN I THINK THE PANELS HAVE
TO BE ONE SECTION OK MAKES
SENSE BUT I MEAN I DON'T KNOW
IF THAT'S TRUE OR NOT SO IT'S
HARD TO UNDERSTAND.
>> YEAH YEAH.
I MEAN I THINK WHAT I SAID IS
THAT IT WOULD GO TO WHERE
THEY'RE DUKAS WHICH IS RIGHT
OUTSIDE THEIR NONCONFORMING
PROPERTY.
THEY'VE GOT A DECK HERE AND I
DON'T KNOW IF THERE'S THE
PICTURE BUT THAT IS THE DECK
NONCONFORMING.
SO SO THEIR DECK YOU COULD SEE
THAT THERE'S LIKE A BRICK DECK
OUTSIDE IT WOULD GO TO THAT IT
WOULD COVER THAT.
>> BUT IS THE DECK
NONCONFORMING?
THEY'RE PRETTY.
>> OK, THANKS.
AND YEAH OK.
>> THANK YOU CHRISTINE.
DID YOU HAVE CHRIS GO FOR
SUSTAINERS THE SECOND ONE TALKS
ABOUT YOUR OTHER GRANDPARENTS
SITUATION MORE ENERGY.
YEAH YEAH SURE.
YOUR GREAT RESPONSE TALKS ABOUT
PROPERTY VALUE.
I THINK THAT CRITERIA I HAVE IS
AN KAKABABU UNDERSTAND
INDETERMINISM A LITTLE BIT MORE
ABOUT SORRY ABOUT WHY YOU KNOW
THAT IS MORE THAN JUST AN
INCONVENIENCE.
>> YEAH.
NOW I'M NOT A REAL ESTATE AGENT
BUT I KNOW IF YOU KNOW ANYBODY
THAT'S GOING TO COME PURCHASE A
HOUSE AND THEY SEE THE NEXT
DOOR NEIGHBORS NONCONFORMING
PROPERTY JUST SO CLOSE LOOKING
ON TO THEIR PROPERTY IT'S GOING
TO LOWER THE VALUE OF THAT
HOUSE AND PERHAPS LOWER THE
VALUE OF THE THE HOUSE THAT HAS
THAT PROPERTY THAT'S
NONCONFORMING BECAUSE THEY'RE
BOTH STILL NOT ENJOYING THEIR
THEIR PRIVACY.
SO IT'S A PROBLEM ON BOTH ENDS
AND I I WOULD ARGUE THAT IT
WOULD DECREASE THE VALUE IF IT
STAYS AS IS THAT PERHAPS IF IT
HAS THIS TYPE OF FENCE THAT IT
WILL INCREASE THE VALUE OF BOTH
PROPERTIES THINKING THAT WE
HAVE PRIVACY HERE.
OK, SO MY SECOND QUESTION IS
ALL RIGHT, SO IF THIS ADDITION
HAD BEEN BUILT FIVE FEET FROM
THE PROPERTY LINE RATHER THAN
THREE POINT SEVEN FEET TO HAVE
THOSE CORRECT THAT THE FIVE
FOOT WOULD BE A CONFORMING
STRUCTURE CONFORMING WITH OUR
STANDARDS, I I GUESS I'M
CURIOUS WHAT WOULD THE CONCERNS
ABOUT PRIVACY NOT STILL EXIST
WITH A STRUCTURE THAT'S FIVE
FEET AWAY VERSUS THREE POINT
SEVEN FEET AWAY FROM THE
PROPERTY LINE JUST JUST LOOKING
AT HOW IT'S BUILT WITH THE
WINDOWS THERE?
I JUST AM NOT SURE THE
CONFORMING STRUCTURE OFFERS
MORE PRIVACY IN THIS SITUATION.
>> YEAH, I MEAN I THINK THAT'S
A FAIR QUESTION.
I WOULD SAY THAT, YOU KNOW,
JUST LIKE WE'RE COMING HERE AND
ASKING FOR THIS TYPE
OF VARIANCE AND WHEN BUILDING
THAT STRUCTURE THE NEIGHBOR
SHOULD HAVE BEEN ASKED AS WELL
AND
I BELIEVE THIS RENOVATION
WAS DONE WHILE HE WAS ON
VACATION.
SO HE NEVER GOT THAT
OPPORTUNITY TO DISPUTE.
SO BUT TO ANSWER YOUR
PARTICULAR QUESTION, IT'S
PRIVACY BUT ALSO PROPERTY LINE
THAT'S AN ISSUE AT ISSUE HERE
WITH AND CONFORMING PROPERTY
THAT'S THAT'S ALREADY NOW
CLOSER TO THE SET BACK COMES
SHRUBS AND LANDSCAPE AND
SPRINKLER LINES, ALL OF WHICH
ARE JUST INCHING CLOSER AND
CLOSER AND CLOSER TO HIS
PROPERTY AND YEAH, THAT'S
ANOTHER ISSUE.
AND SO I THINK THIS WOULD KIND
OF RESOLVE BOTH OF THOSE
ISSUES.
>> OK, THANK YOU.
>> I HAVE A QUESTION ABOUT HOW
THE CITY'S REQUIREMENTS MESH
WITH THE HRA OR LIKE JUST HOW
RELEVANT TO US THEY'RE TWO
SEPARATE SITUATIONS THE THE
CITY DOESN'T REGULATE HLA
REQUIREMENTS OR TO COMPLETELY
SEPARATE ENTITY THAN THE CITY.
UM, IF THEY ARE GRANTED A
VARIANCE HERE AND THEY APPLY
FOR A PERMIT, THEY HAVE TO
COMPLY WITH THE CITY'S
REQUIREMENTS BUT THEN THERE
WOULD BE POSSIBLE REPERCUSSIONS
WITH AJOY I CAN'T SPEAK FOR THE
THEM WAY I I DON'T KNOW WHAT
THE YEAH.
TWO SEPARATE BOARDS TWO
SEPARATE GOVERNING BODIES HAD A
COMMON IT'S AN OBSERVATION THAT
I THINK WILL LEAD INTO A
QUESTION WHEN I LOOK AT THIS
PHOTO IT SEEMS THAT THE NON
CONFORMING STRUCTURE, THE FLOOR
ELEVATION IS SIGNIFICANTLY
HIGHER THAN MR MLODINOW WHICH
IS PROPERTY.
IS THAT AN ACCURATE STATEMENT?
I MEAN JUST LOOKING AT THE
PORCH LIKE JUST FROM WHERE THE
CHAIR IS ON THE RIGHT AND IT
JUST YOU KNOW, DRAWING AN
IMAGINARY HORIZONTAL LINE OVER
TO HIS HOUSE, IT SEEMS THAT IT
TOWERS OVER THAT SIDE OF THE
PROPERTY IS THAT A FAIR
ASSESSMENT?
I HAVEN'T BEEN TO THE TO THE
PROPERTY SO I THINK YOU
PROBABLY WOULD HAVE A BETTER
ANSWER THAN ME.
I'VE NEVER BEEN TO THE PROPERTY
BUT JUST LOOKING AT THIS
PICTURE I CAN SEE THAT THE DECK
IS SET HIGHER BUT I THINK
THAT'S BECAUSE IT'S A DECK.
BUT IN TERMS ELEVATION I MEAN I
THINK THE MAP SHOWS THAT IT IS
A LITTLE BIT HIGHER ELEVATION
WHICH IS WISE.
BUT I THINK THAT WHICH IS WHY I
LIKE THE EIGHT FOOT VERY LIKE
EIGHT FOOT FENCE.
WOULD IT BE ENOUGH UNDERSTOOD.
SO AND THEN TO SORT OF PICK UP
ON WHAT CHRIS'S COMMENT WAS,
WAS THAT DOES THAT MAKE THAT
MUCH DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE
THREE FOOT SEVEN TO THE FIVE
FEET?
I THINK IT PERSONALLY.
AGAIN, THIS IS MY OBSERVATION
THAT BECAUSE OF THAT FINISHED
FLOOR ELEVATION IS THERE IS TO
ME IT SEEMS SIGNIFICANT AND SO
THAT IS A LITTLE EXACERBATED
THE CLOSER IT GETS TO THAT LINE
.
SO IT BRINGS THE ISSUE MORE TO
THE SURFACE THAN IF WAS MORE ON
FLOOR ELEVATION OF FLOOR
ELEVATION EVEN YOU KNOW, ACROSS
THE PROPERTY LINE.
SO FOR MY OBSERVATION HERE IT
DOESN'T BUT SO THAT'S ALL I
HAVE TO SAY OR THAT'S ALL I
WANTED TO COMMENT ON.
>> BUT THANK YOU FOR THE
FEEDBACK.
THANK YOU.
MANY OF THE QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONER.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
WELL, THANK YOU FOR THE
OPPORTUNITY IF THERE'S ANYONE
FROM THE PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO
SPEAK ON THIS PETITION AT THIS
POINT WE WERE AT THIS POINT
WE'LL OPEN THE PUBLIC HEARING.
ANY PARTICIPANTS WILL HAVE
THREE MINUTES TO SPEAK.
ANYONE ACCESSING ANYONE WHO IS
HERE IN PERSON WILL HAVE AN
OPPORTUNITY TO SPEAK FIRST AND
THEN ANYONE ACCESSING THE
MEETING REMOTELY PLEASE PRESS
STAR NINE IF LISTENING BY PHONE
OR USE THE RACE HAND FUNCTION
IF YOU'RE ACCESSING VIA THE
WEBLINK AND STAFF WILL CALL ON
YOU WHEN IT IS YOUR TURN.
MY NAME IS JOE LLOYD.
I'M AN ATTORNEY AND I REPRESENT
THE NEIGHBORING PROPERTY OWNERS
WHO ARE HERE ALSO THREE MINUTES
IS SOMEWHAT OF A CONSTRAINT ON
A LAWYER.
IF I HURRY I APOLOGIZE.
I'M NOT GOING TO REDO THE
ARGUMENTS THAT WE MADE IN THE
WRITTEN SUBMISSIONS WE MADE.
I DON'T I THINK WE LAID STUFF
OUT.
I'M NOT GOING TO REPEAT IT.
I DO WANT TO ADDRESS SOME
OF THE COMMENTS THAT WERE MADE
THE PRESENT WHAT I THINK ARE
SERIOUS FACTUAL ASSERTIONS.
WE JUST DON'T AGREE WITH THE
IDEA OF PEAKING AND TAKING
PICTURES.
I MEAN IT'S JUST NOT TRUE AND
THE THE IDEA THAT PEOPLE HAD
RESIGNED FROM THE BOARD I THINK
YOU HAVE IN YOUR PACKAGE A
LETTER FROM THE NEW PRESIDENT
OF THE BOARD SAYING THAT VOTING
OR WEIGHING IN AGAINST THIS
COUNCIL IS NOT A REALTOR OR
REAL ESTATE AGENT GIVING YOU AN
OPINION OF VALUE.
I'VE BEEN DOING THIS FOR A LONG
TIME AND I ALSO HAVE AN OPINION
ON VALUE AND IT DOESN'T MATTER.
I MEAN THE I KNOW HOW
APPRAISERS PRAISE PROPERTY.
I KNOW HOW BUYERS LOOK AND THE
IDEA OF BEING CLOSER TO THE
LINE OR NOT FROM THE WIDE ON A
LOT THIS BIG IS IRRELEVANT AND
THEN THERE'S THE FACT IT'S JUST
A PLAIN FACT THAT THERE ARE NO
WINDOWS ON THE PETITIONER'S
SIDE OF THE PROPERTY THAT IS
PEEPING INTO THEIR INDOOR
PRIVACY IS NOT AFFECTED AT ALL.
WHAT THEY'RE COMPLAINING ABOUT
IS IF THEY MIGHT BE OUTDOORS
WHICH CAN BE VIEWED FROM
ANYWHERE AROUND THE PROPERTY,
THEY'RE WORRIED THAT PEOPLE
WOULD BE PEEKING OUT THE
WINDOWS AND LOOKING AT THEM.
IT'S A BUYER WOULD PROBABLY NOT
TAKE ISSUE WITH THAT AND I
WOULDN'T EXPECT A SELLER TO
LOWER HIS PRICE IF THAT ISSUE
CAME UP THE THE ISSUE THAT'S
BEEN GLOSSED OVER I MEAN PART
OF YOUR STANDARD IS IF THIS IS
A SELF-INFLICTED WOUND ONE
MINUTE REMAINING I WILL TALK
TYPICALLY IT'S A SELF-INFLICTED
THERE WERE PERFECTLY GOOD TREES
SITTING THERE.
THEY WERE TALL, THEY WERE
MATURE, THEY HAD BEEN THERE.
THIS HAS BEEN THERE TWELVE
YEARS.
THEY WERE THERE ALL THROUGHOUT
THE FIRST TEN AND A HALF.
HE TOOK THEM DOWN A LITTLE
WHILE LATER AND DECIDED HE
DIDN'T HAVE ANY PRIVACY AND NOW
HE WANTS TO PUT UP WHAT IS A
ROCK SOLID THERE'S NO AIR THAT
MOVES THROUGH THERE THE WITH
REGARD TO THE WAY THEY JUST
HAVE NOT DONE ANYTHING WITH
THAT YET.
THEY HAVEN'T APPLIED THEY
HAVEN'T SORT OF VARIANTS.
THEY HAVEN'T SOUGHT ANYTHING
WITH THE HLA.
WHAT THIS REMINDS ME OF IS WHEN
MY KIDS WERE GROWING UP THEY'D
COME AND SAY DAD MOM SAID WE
COULD DO X AND IT'S OK AND
THEY'D GO TO THEIR MOTHER AND I
WOULD HAVE BEEN YOU KNOW,
THEY'D PLAY US BACK AND FORTH.
AND THE PROBLEM YOU HAVE HERE
IS YOU'RE BEING ASKED TO
APPROVE A VARIANCE FROM EIGHT
TO TEN BUT YOU DON'T KNOW THAT
YOU WOULD BE ALLOWED TO BUILD
EIGHT IN THE UNDER THE HOUSE.
SO IF I SAID YOU COULD BUILD A
SIX FOOT FENCE THEN ARE YOU
GIVING A FOUR FOOT VARIANCE?
I SUGGEST THAT THE ISSUE ISN'T
QUITE RIPE YET BUT WHAT YOU
OUGHT TO DO IS TABLE THIS SEE
WHAT THE HOUSE DOES IF IT
DOESN'T GIVE ANY APPROVAL.
YOU KNOW HE HAS A REMEDY AND WE
DO WE CAN FIGHT THAT OUT.
>> WE WILL BUT YOU KNOW YOU ARE
BEING ASKED TO GIVE A
THEORETICAL OPINION BECAUSE
THERE'S NOT A FACTUAL
SUBMISSION THAT HE HAS TO BUILD
EVEN THE SIX FOOT THAT HE'S
LOOKING AT.
AND SO I THINK I I WOULD LIKE
TO THINK OF THE CITY AS THE
LAST APPROVAL THAT I GO TO AND
YOU DON'T WANT THEM COMING BACK
SAYING WHAT WOULD WE NEED TWO
MORE FEET THAT WOULD JUST BE
AWKWARD.
>> SO IF YOU DON'T FINISH,
PLEASE FINISH UP WITH THAT, OK?
>> YEAH.
IF YOU DECIDE THAT THIS IS A
SELF-INFLICTED WOUND AND JUST
DOESN'T FIT WITHIN WITH THE
ORDINANCE REQUIRES THEN I WOULD
URGE YOU AT LEAST TO CONSIDER
THAT THIS ISN'T RIPE FOR YOUR
DECISION YET THAT YOU CAN TABLE
THIS YOU CAN SEE WHAT HE'S
PERMITTED TO DO OTHERWISE
FRANKLY WE COULD BRING SOME
AFFIDAVITS BEFORE YOU QUESTION
SOME OF THE ASSERTIONS THAT
HAVE BEEN MADE FOR THE FIRST
TIME.
>> THANK YOU.
SAY IT.
THANK YOU.
YEAH.
SORRY IF THERE'S ANYONE ELSE
FROM THE PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO
SPEAK ON THIS PETITION IF YOU
ARE IN PERSON PLEASE COME
FORWARD, SIGN IN AND STATE YOUR
NAME FOR THE RECORD PLEASE AS
WELL
.
GOOD EVENING.
I'M MARY SPIERS.
I'M THE OWNER OF THE SEVEN FOUR
ZERO WINDEMERE.
>> WHEN I PURCHASED THE HOME IN
NINETEEN NINETY TWO THERE WAS
OVER FIFTY FEET IN HEIGHT
SHRUBS AND TREES FROM THE FRONT
TO HALFWAY TO THE BACK.
THAT HAS BEEN ADEQUATE AND I
WAS IN GOOD HEALTH.
WE HAD NO PROBLEM WITH IT.
WE CANNOT SEE THROUGH IT.
THESE WERE REMOVED AND LAST
FALL REPLACED WITH THE CEDAR
TREES WHICH GROW AT ONE TO TWO
FEET A YEAR WHICH HAVE ALREADY
GROWN OVER A FEET THIS ANGLE
OF THE PHOTOGRAPH DOES NOT SHOW
HOW THEY ARE SOLID THERE.
>> WHEN WE BOUGHT A HOUSE IN
NINETEEN NINETY TWO WE
UNDERSTOOD THE BARRIER IS ONE
PLACE THE BOUNDARY LINE AND
HAVE OBSERVED THAT FOR OVER
THIRTY YEARS A NEIGHBOR DECIDED
LAST YEAR TO DO A SURVEY AND IT
WAS DETERMINED THIS WAS AN ER
THEY'VE BEEN LONG STANDING FOR
THAT REASON SO FOR US THE
WINDOW THAT YOU SEE PICTURED
THERE YOU CAN SEE IT IS NOT
ALIGNED AT ALL WITH THE
INTERIOR OF THE HOUSE AS YOU
CAN SEE ON THE PATIO THAT WE
ARE ELEVATED BY THE NATURE AND
TERRAIN OF THE PROPERTY SO THAT
AT GROUND LEVEL OF THE FLOOR
OF THE PATIO IS AT GROUND LEVEL
AND SO WE ARE SLIGHTLY ELEVATED
.
THERE'S NO WAY WE CAN PEER IN
THE WINDOWS AND HEAVEN'S SAKES,
I HAVE NO INTEREST TO PEER INTO
ANY WINDOWS THAT DON'T EXIST.
IT'S A SOLID WALL EXCEPT FOR
THE WEST SIDE EXCEPT FOR A
WINDOW ON THE WEST SIDE THAT'S
PART OF THE GARAGE UP FRONT SO
THERE IS NO ALIGNMENT.
WE ARE IN A NEIGHBORHOOD AS A
CONSTANT ALL THE NEIGHBORS.
THERE IS SOME VISIBILITY ONE
MINUTE REMAINING AND SO MY
HAVING READ YOUR RULES THIS IS
PROBLEM HE CREATED FOR HIMSELF.
THOSE TREES AND SHRUBS WERE
FINE.
I CAN BRING YOU A PHOTO FROM
THE SUMMER BEFORE AND SHOW YOU
THAT IF THAT'S NECESSARY HE
CHOSE TO TAKE THIS DOWN AND IS
DISTRESSED BY THE OUTCOME AND
WE'RE HERE WE THE WAY REQUIRES
THAT WE GIVE APPROVAL FOR
FENCING.
WE HAVE NOT GIVEN APPROVAL.
THERE IS NO PERIMETER FENCING
ALLOWED BY SIGNATURE
PARTICIPATING IN DEEDING IN
THAT AREA AND YOU HAVE TO HAVE
YOUR NEIGHBORS APPROVAL HAS TO
BE DECORATIVE.
SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH AND I'M
SORRY WE'RE HERE WITH THESE TWO
PARALLELISMS.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
SO ANYONE ELSE HERE WHO WISHES
TO SPEAK BEING NO ONE IF
THERE'S ANYONE ACCESSING THE
MEETING REMOTELY WHO WISHES TO
SPEAK PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE OR
RAISE YOUR HAND.
>> THERE ARE NO CALLERS.
THANK YOU COURTNEY.
I WILL NOTE YEAH.
I WOULD I WOULD LIKE TO DO SAY
SOMETHING.
>> OK, SO YOU HAVE THREE
MINUTES YOU ARE OK IF THE
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE WAS
PLACED CORRECTLY AT SIX FEET
FROM MY PROPERTY LINE WE HAVE
PLACED MORE THAN THREE
ARBOVIRUS AND THERE WOULD BE
STRONGER THEY ARE THERE WOULD
BE NOT INFLUENCED BY BY WHERE
THERE IS NO THIS WAY ONLY THREE
CAN CAN BE PLACED IN THE FLIMSY
THEY DON'T HAVE A GOOD
CONDITION FOR GROWTH.
AS YOU CAN SEE THE SIDEWALK IS
A SIDEWALK OF THREE 740 IS
RIGHT THERE ON THEIR ROOFS AND
THEY CAN THERE ARE TEN YEARS
OLD THEY ARE TEN YET THESE
THREE ARMALITE MASKING THE
WINDOW WHERE WERE PLACED WHEN
WE CAME HOME AND SAW THAT THEY
HAVE A THEY HAVE A BUILD
ADDITIONAL STRUCTURE IS ABOUT
IS REGARDING REGARDING
DISTURBANCE BY AND BY ACCORDING
TO WHICH CAMERA I HAVE A
WITNESS IS ALSO DUE TO TO SAY
THAT THEY WERE THERE HAVE BEEN
RECORDED REGARDING THAT SHRUB'S
WHICH WERE EXISTING BEFORE
WHICH I GOT THEY WERE HARD TO
MAINTAIN ON MY SIDE AS YOU CAN
SEE ELEVATION LEAN'S EVERYTHING
TOWARDS ME TOWARDS MY MY
PROPERTY AND THEY WERE OLD AND
AND WHEN I SPOKE WITH MISS
CARANDANG THEY THEY WERE NOT
OBJECTED TO THAT.
THEY ONLY OBJECTED WHEN I
PLANTING THE ADDITIONAL ARABA
LIGHTS AND AND I YOU ALSO WANT
TO EMPHASIZE ONE THING THIS
OBVIOUSLY THIS IS NONCONFORMIST
RUPTURE ONE MINUTE REMAINING
OPPORTUNITY FOR THEM TO EXPAND
THE THAT STRUCTURE SHOULD HAVE
BEEN PUT SIX FEET OR SEVEN FEET
ABOVE AND I NOTICE THAT WHOEVER
I APPROVE I APPROVE THIS
WITHOUT SURVEYING FIRST WHEN
THEY BUILD THE HOUSE THEY
DIDN'T SURVEY FIRST.
SO THIS IS THE RESPONSIBILITY.
IT IS THE FREEDOM BUT IT IS
RESPONSIBLE FREEDOM AND THERE
IS THE ENCROACHMENT AS YOU CAN
SEE FROM THE PICTURE ON MY
PROPERTY.
SO I FEEL THAT THIS INJUSTICE
TO BE RECTIFIED.
THANK YOU SIR.
AS MY LAWYER SAID, THANK ANYONE
ELSE WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS PETITION, I WILL NOTE
QUICKLY WE DID RECEIVE LETTERS
AS MENTIONED PREVIOUSLY FROM
THE EARHART NOLES HOMEOWNERS
ASSOCIATION FROM MARY CATHERINE
SPIERS AND ANN MCCARREN FROM
JOSEPH LLOYD ON BEHALF OF MARY
CATHERINE SPIERS AND ANN
MCCARREN AND FROM JUDITH STEIN
AND GARY FISHER ALL IN
OPPOSITION
THE MORE CAUTIOUS NO
CALLERS RIGHT WITH THAT THE
PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED AND
WE'RE IN DISCUSSION IF THESE
FENCE ISSUES AND I LIVE IN
BERN'S PARK OUR SETBACKS
THERE'S A LOT NONCONFORMIST
STRUCTURES.
HOUSES ARE CLOSE TO EACH OTHER.
WE PEACEFULLY COEXIST.
BUT THIS REMINDS ME
OF SOMETHING FROM SEVERAL YEARS
AGO WHERE TWO NEIGHBORS, ONE
OF THE NEIGHBORS ACCIDENTALLY
BUILT SOMETHING ACCIDENTALLY A
LITTLE BIT TOO CLOSE TO A LOT
LINE THERE MAY BE A COUPLE
OF THE BOARD MEMBERS HERE WHO
WERE THERE AND THERE WAS THESE
TWO NEIGHBORS THAT HAD FORMERLY
GOTTEN GOTTEN ALONG REALLY
WELL.
>> THEIR RELATIONSHIP
DETERIORATED TO THE POINT WHERE
ONE OF THE NEIGHBORS WANTED TO
HIGHER FENCE.
I REMEMBER WE WE EVENTUALLY
APPROVED THAT FENCE.
>> BUT WHAT WHY CAN'T PEOPLE
GET ALONG?
>> CLEARLY THERE'S SOMETHING
GOING ON WHERE BOTH NEIGHBORS
HAVE BROUGHT ATTORNEYS INTO
THIS AND I'M SURE AT NO SMALL
EXPENSE TO TRY TO RESOLVE THIS
ISSUE.
>> I WOULD PERSONALLY ENCOURAGE
THE NEIGHBORS TO SIT DOWN AND
TALK ABOUT WHAT COULD GO IN
THERE TO RESOLVE WHATEVER
ISSUES EXISTS IF THAT IF THAT
IS WHAT THE ISSUES ARE, THERE
MAY BE SOME DEEPER ISSUES.
>> I KNOW BECAUSE I'VE JUST IN
FACT TODAY I WAS WORKING ON
REMOVING THE LEFTOVER TRUNKS
BUT THE ICE STORM FROM THIS
STREET FROM THIS SPRING BENT
THE ARBOVIRUS THAT WE HAD
PLACED AS A SCREEN IN
COLLABORATION WITH OUR NEIGHBOR
WHO HAS SINCE MOVED AND NEW
NEIGHBORS LIVE THERE AND I'M
WORKING WITH THEM BUT WE'RE
WE'RE TAKING THE ARBOVIRUS OUT
BECAUSE THEY'RE ALL BENT OVER
AND WE'RE PUTTING IN A
REPLACEMENT.
I'VE GOT A THREE FOOT FENCE.
>> EIGHTY PERCENT IT'S ONE
OF THOSE SHADOWBOX FENCES BUT
WE WE JUST WANTED SOME
SCREENING SO WE'RE PROBABLY
GOING TO PUT SOME LILACS OR
SOME OTHER THINGS IN THERE.
BUT I KNOW THAT THERE'S AN
ISSUE WITH SCREENING AND THESE
SORTS OF ISSUES WHERE YOU'RE
YOU'RE RIGHT NEXT TO EACH OTHER
.
>> I FEEL LIKE THIS DOES MEET
MANY OF THE STANDARDS ON OUR
VARIOUS DETERMINATION WORKSHEET
THE CONDITIONS OF THE PROPOSED
VARIANCE ARE NOT SELF-IMPOSED.
>> THEY'RE IMPOSED PARTIALLY
BECAUSE THE NEIGHBOR BUILT INTO
THE SET BACK CONTRARY TO WHAT
CITY BUILDING CODES AND ZONING
CODES ALLOW.
I FEEL LIKE THIS VALUATION THE
REAL STATE VALUE IS IRRELEVANT.
THAT DOESN'T MATTER BUT IT DOES
INCLUDE SUBSTANTIALLY MORE THAN
MERE INCONVENIENCE, NOT HIGHER.
THE HIGHER FINANCIAL RETURN.
>> BUT I THINK THERE IS A
SUBSTANTIAL INCONVENIENCE HERE
IMPOSED BY THE PROXIMITY OF THE
NEW BUILT STRUCTURE THAT WAS
CONTRARY BUILT IN CONTRARY TO
THE ZONING CODES THERE'S I
THINK THAT ALLOWING THE
VARIANCE WILL RESULT IN
SUBSTANTIAL JUSTICE BEING DONE
IN THIS SITUATION NOW I WOULD
TAKE ISSUE WITH MR LLOYD'S
CONTENTION THAT WE SHOULD COME
AFTER THE HOMEOWNERS
ASSOCIATION.
>> I TOTALLY DISAGREE.
THE HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION CAN
DO WHATEVER THEY WANT TO DO.
THE PROPERTY OWNER HAS TO GO TO
THE HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION TO
GET THEIR APPROVAL.
WHETHER WE GRANT THE VARIANCE
OR NOT IS IRRELEVANT TO TO
THEM.
>> IF WE DO GRANT THE VARIANCE
FINE THEN THEY STILL HAVE TO GO
TO THE HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION.
HEAVEN FORBID I SEE MORE
LITIGATION AND MORE LAWYER FEES
AHEAD IF THAT'S THE CASE I'M
VERY COMFORTABLE WITH THE CITY
PROCEEDING AND GRANTING IF THE
BOARD AGREES GRANTING THIS
VARIANCE IN THE SITUATION TO
TRY TO HAVE SOME SORT
OF JUSTICE TO MAKE JUSTICE WITH
THE ISSUE OF THE ILLEGALLY
BUILT ADDITION TO THE
NEIGHBOR'S HOUSE.
>> SO I'M GOING TO VOTE FOR
THIS BUT I WISH THESE NEIGHBORS
WOULD GET ALONG AND PLEASE WORK
WITH EACH OTHER.
>> BUT I'M GOING TO VOTE FOR
THIS
.
>> I HOPE THE REST OF THE BOARD
AGREES.
THANK YOU, DAVE.
I FOR YOUR DISCUSSION.
CHRIS.
>> A FEW POINTS SO FIRST I JUST
AS A PLANNER HOW IT HAPPENS IS
VERY EASY RIGHT.
JOHN OR WHOEVER WAS IN THE
POSITION PREVIOUSLY REVIEWED
THIS PLAN THAT WAS INCOME FORM.
>> IT'S THE RULES AND EVEN IF
THERE WAS A RULE THAT THAT JOHN
OR WHOEVER IT WAS IN THE
BUILDING DEPARTMENT HAD TO GO
OUT AND MEASURE ON SITE,
THERE'S STILL LITTLE WAY TO
CONFIRM WHERE THE PROPERTY LINE
ACTUALLY IS EVEN IF IT'S MARKED
THERE'S NO WAY TO DETERMINE
THAT THAT IS ACTUALLY PRECISE.
>> AND SO YOU KNOW, A FOOT OR
TWO IS PROBABLY VERY COMMON IN
ALL COMMUNITIES.
>> SO YOU KNOW, JUST KIND
OF GENERALLY HOW THAT HAPPENS,
IT'S REALLY EASY.
>> AND SO MY GENERAL THOUGHTS
ARE TWO WRONGS DON'T MAKE A
RIGHT I I THINK WE'RE TALKING
ABOUT THE SELF-IMPOSED HARDSHIP
IN THE WRONG WAY.
THE THE PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY IS
SUPPOSED TO BE WHAT PREVENTS
THIS PERSON FROM COMPLYING AND
THE ANSWER IS NOTHING.
>> AN EIGHT FOOT FENCE COULD GO
THERE WITHOUT WITH THESE.
RIGHT.
SO THERE'S NO PRACTICAL
DIFFICULTY PREVENTING YOU FROM
COMPLYING.
>> SO IN THAT WAY I FIND THAT
THE PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY NOT
ONLY IS THAT IS SELF IMPOSED,
IT JUST DOESN'T EXIST.
>> I DON'T BELIEVE THAT THAT IF
A HOUSE WAS FIVE FEET AWAY
VERSUS THREE POINT SEVEN FEET
AWAY THAT THERE WOULD BE ANY
LESS PRIVACY ISSUES.
>> NOR DO I BELIEVE THAT THERE
WOULD BE ANY BETTER PLANTING
CONDITIONS FOR TREES THAN
EXISTS TODAY.
>> I I DISAGREE THAT THERE
CANNOT BE ADEQUATE LIVING
SCREEN PLANTED HERE OR
ANYWHERE.
>> I THINK THERE CAN BE DESPITE
A DIFFICULT CLIMATE AT
SOMETIMES AND THEN JUST TO
ADDRESS THE STANDARDS GIVEN THE
LACK OF WINDOWS ON THE SIDE
OF THE HOUSE, THE SUBJECTS ARE
PROPERTY OF THE HOUSE.
>> SO WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
BACKYARD PRIVACY RIGHT FOR ONE
PERSON, ONE HOUSE WHICH WOULD
NOT BE IMPROVED WITH A
CONFORMING STRUCTURE IN MY
OPINION THAT IS TO ME AN
INCONVENIENCE I UNDERSTAND
PEOPLE LIKE BACKYARD PRIVACY
BUT SLIGHTLY LESS IS AN
INCONVENIENCE TO ME.
I THINK THEY HAVE FAILED TO
MEET STANDARD B.
I ALSO DON'T THINK THAT THEY
MEET THE STANDARD SEE
SUBSTANTIAL JUSTICE IF IF WE
SAY THAT IT IS A PRACTICAL
DIFFICULTY IMPOSED ON THIS
PROPERTY OWNER THAT A
NONCONFORMIST STRUCTURE WAS
ALLOWED NEXT DOOR INADVERTENTLY
I THINK SUBSTANTIAL JUSTICE
WILL BE DONE TO GRANT ANYBODY
WHO COMES BEFORE US WHETHER IT
IS THREE POINT SEVEN FEET OR
ONE HUNDRED FEET FROM THE
PROPERTY LINE BECAUSE THE THE
PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY THAT THE
LESSON PRIVACY IMPOSES ON US
AND THEN A STANDARD E I DON'T
THINK THIS IS A MINIMUM
VARIANCE NECESSARY BECAUSE I
DON'T THINK THAT VARIANCE IS
NECESSARY TO COMPLY WITH OUR
ORDINANCE.
AN EIGHT FOOT FENCE COULD GO UP
TOMORROW WITH LIVING SCREEN AND
BE IN COMPLIANCE.
>> SO I'M GOING TO VOTE NO FOR
THE RECORD I DIDN'T WORK FOR
THE CITY IN 2012 AND I DIDN'T
REVIEW THESE PLANS.
>> YOU WOULD HAVE CAUGHT IT
OBVIOUSLY.
WELL WELL IN DEFENSE OF THE
PERSON WHO DID REVIEW WHAT THE
INFORMATION WAS PRESENTED TO
THEM DID MEET THE CODE .
>> SO THAT'S WHY THAT WAS
APPROVED.
BUT I'M NOT SAYING THE CITY WAS
WRONG IN THIS.
NO, I KNOW I AM SAYING THAT THE
PROPERTY OWNERS THAT BUILD
CONTRARY TO OUR ZONING
REGULATIONS WERE WRONG.
>> THEY HAD AN OBLIGATION.
I.
>> I JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE
IT'S BEEN MENTIONED A COUPLE
OF TIMES THAT I WORK FOR THE
CITY AND I WAS NOT EMPLOYED
WITH THE CITY IN 2012 JUST FOR
THE RECORD.
>> YEAH, ANY OTHER DISCUSSION?
>> OK, VERY QUICKLY, GREAT
POINTS BY BOTH MY COLLEAGUES UP
HERE.
>> I AM WITH CHRIS ON THIS ONE.
I FOR ME IT'S IT'S THE FIFTH
STANDARD.
>> IT'S NOT THE MINIMUM BARRIER
TO MAKE POSSIBLE REASONABLE USE
OF THE LAND SO THAT THE
NEIGHBOR COULD JUST GO UP TO
THEIR SECOND FLOOR WINDOW AND
TAKE PICTURES IF THEY WANTED TO
THE TEN FOOT IF THAT'S REALLY
WHAT THE PERSON IS GOING TO DO
THE EXTRA TWO FEET ARE NOT
GOING TO STOP THEM I SO I DON'T
SEE A GOOD REASON TO GO AGAINST
THE OUR ORDINANCE ON THIS.
>> SO I'M VOTING I'M VOTING NO
AND YOU KNOW THE GREAT
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE TWO
THAT'S IS IT'S KIND OF VISIBLE
IN THIS PICTURE.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT THAT
DIFFERENCE IS?
IS IT DIFFERENT?
IS TWO FEET DIFFERENT BASED ON
PROBABLY DIFFERENT STANDARDS IF
YOU LIKE THAT OF A POSITIVE BUT
WHAT ONE AREN'T SURE ABOUT
PROSTATE OR WHAT
THE LET'S
WOULD SAY IN THE OH THAT SAID
WHERE IS THE HEIGHT OF THE
FENCE MEASURED FROM?
IS IT FROM THE LOWER SIDE OR
THE HIGHER SIDE?
>> THE AUDIENCE SAYS WHEN THEY
FENCE A LOT LINE I OR WHATEVER
FACE SIZE OF I DON'T NOT
PROPERTY APPLICANT SIDE THE
APPLICANTS IS THE LOWER SIDE
LOWER SIDE OF MICROPHONE OR
MICROPHONE.
>> THE FENCE WOULD BE TALLER AT
THAT POINT SO YOU'D MEASURE
FROM THE WHATEVER SIDE THE
FENCE WOULD BE THE TALLEST
YOU'D MEASURE WHEN IT'S PLACED
ON OUR PROPERTY BUT
FUNCTIONALLY OR I GUESS SO
FIELD AS THEY SAY IF THE
ADJACENT PROPERTY IS ONE AND A
HALF TO TWO FEET TALLER THAN
THE FENCE WOULD BE ONE AND A
HALF TO TWO FEET SHORTER
MEASURED FROM THAT PROPERTY
LINE.
SO I MEAN THE PERSPECTIVE IT
WOULD BE AN EIGHT FOOT FENCE,
NOT A TEN FOOT FENCE THAT'S
POSSIBLE.
>> IT JUST ALL DEPENDS ON HOW
IT'S CONSTRUCTED IN THE FIELD.
>> SURE.
OK, THANKS.
IF I WAS CALLED TO DO AN
INSPECTION I WOULD HAVE TO
MEASURE FROM THE THE LOWER THE
THE RIGHT SIDE OF THIS PICTURE
OR THE APPLICANT WHO'S
REQUESTING THE VARIANCE ON THAT
SIDE BECAUSE IT'S THE THAT'S
GOING TO BE THE TALLEST
ELEVATION.
>> OK THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER DISCUSSION WE'RE
READY FOR MOTION.
THANK YOU DAVE.
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
ESTABLISHED STANDARDS FOR
APPROVAL, THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY CALLED ZIBA
TWENTY THREE DASH ZERO ZERO ONE
THREE THIRTY SEVEN TWENTY
WINDEMERE DRIVE IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE ESTABLISHED STANDARDS
FOR APPROVAL THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS A TWO
FOOT FENCE HEIGHT VARIANCE FROM
SECTION FIVE POINT TWENTY SIX
POINT TWO SUBSECTION THREE
FENCE'S RESIDENTIAL ZONING
DISTRICTS.
THE VARIANCE ALLOWS FOR A TEN
FOOT TALL FENCE TO BE
CONSTRUCTED IN THE REAR YARD,
THE FENCES TO BE BUILT PER THE
SUBMITTED PLANS.
THANK YOU DAVE.
HAVE A MOTION TO HAVE SUPPORT
SUPPORT.
THANK YOU CHRIS.
CHRISTINA.
>> YES, CHRIS NO GRACE YES.
>> I ALSO VOTE YES DERMO NO
SUDHEER NOW MIKE NO DAVE
DIVERTER YES WE HAVE FOUR YESES
AND FOUR NO'S SO THE REQUEST
WAS DENIED.
>> MOVING ON TO PETITION ZIBA
TWENTY THREE ZERO ZERO ONE NINE
THIRTY THREE EIGHTY NIXON ROAD
I'M GOING TO STEP OUT SO DAVE
I'LL TURN IT OVER TO YOU DURING
YOU'RE HAVE TO HELP ME
ZIBA
TWENTY THREE DASHI OR ZERO ONE
NINE THIRTY THREE EIGHTEEN
NIXON ROAD SO WE'LL START WITH
THE CITY'S PRESENTATION.
>> ALL RIGHT WE'RE GOING TO
JUST KIND OF SWITCH THINGS
AROUND A LITTLE BIT FOR THIS
EVENING.
I'M GOING TO GO AHEAD AND
ORIENT EVERYONE TO THE SITE AND
THEN WE HAVE JILL THATCHER WITH
THE PLANNING DEPARTMENT.
SHE'S A SENIOR PLANNER, ALSO A
HISTORIC DISTRICT COORDINATOR.
THIS IS HER SITE PLAN PROJECT
AND SHE'S GOING TO PRESENT THE
STAFF REPORT AND HER COMMENTARY
AND FEEDBACK AFTER I GO THROUGH
THE SLIDES.
>> SO IF YOU TURN YOUR
ATTENTION TO THE MONITORS, THE
FIRST SLIDE YOU'LL SEE THE
SUBJECT PROPERTY IS HIGHLIGHTED
IN YELLOW.
IT'S ON THE EAST SIDE OF NIXON
ROAD AND IT'S JUST SOUTH OF US
.
TWENTY THREE AND FOURTEEN.
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE AERIAL
PHOTO YOU SEE THE SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES AND EXISTING
CONDITIONS
.
THE PROPERTY IS OUR IT'S AN
HOUR FOR PROPERTY.
IT'S A MULTIFAMILY PROJECT.
IT'S ALSO KNOWN AS OWL CREEK
AND YOU SEE THE RELATIONSHIP
OF THE PARKING LOT TO THE NORTH
SIDE OF THE PROPERTY AS WELL AS
A WETLAND FEATURE TO THE EAST.
>> THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
EXISTING PROPERTY A ZOOMED IN
CONDITION AND AERIAL
PHOTOGRAPHY AND YOU SEE HOW IT
CURRENTLY IS ITS CURRENT
CONDITION AND ITS
CONFIGURATIONS THE NEXT SLIDE
IS THE SURVEY THAT WAS
SUBMITTED WITH THE APPLICATION
AND THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS WHERE
A PROPOSED BUILDING IS GOING TO
BE NEW A NEW BUILDING AND IT'S
GOING TO BE EXISTING OVER THIS
PARKING LOT.
AND TONIGHT WE'RE HERE TO SEEK
A VARIANCE FOR THIS REAR YARD
SETBACK AREA AND I AM GOING TO
SHOW IT AND A LITTLE BIT CLOSER
YOU SEE WHERE THE VARIANCE IS
BEING REQUESTED RIGHT HERE.
IT'S SHOWING TWENTY SEVEN POINT
SEVEN FEET FROM THE REAR FLAT
LINE.
THESE ARE PHOTOS THAT I TOOK
WHEN I MADE MY SITE VISIT.
YOU SEE THE ENTRANCE AND THE
CLUBHOUSE.
THIS IS ON THE EAST SIDE
OF NEXEN ROAD AND THESE ARE
SOME OF THE EXISTING
MULTIFAMILY STRUCTURES THAT ARE
ON THE SITE.
>> THIS IS LOOKING FROM THAT
PARKING LOT AREA ON THE NORTH
SIDE OF THE SITE TO THE WEST AT
SOME OR OF THE NATURAL FEATURES
AND THE EXISTING BUILDINGS AND
THIS IS THAT EXISTING PARKING
LOT WHERE I WAS STANDING NOT
TAKING PHOTOS AND I'M TWENTY
THREE AND FOURTEEN U.S. TWENTY
THREE IS JUST ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THOSE TREES.
THIS IS LOOKING EAST ON THE
SITE TOWARDS THAT WETLAND
NATURAL FEATURE AND THIS IS
LOOKING MORE TOWARDS THE EAST
AS WELL ON AN EXISTING
PLAYGROUND AND THESE ARE SLIDES
THAT WERE SUBMITTED BY THE
APPLICANT.
I WILL LET THEM COMMENT ON THE
NEXT COUPLE OF SLIDES AND THEY
GIVE THEIR PRESENTATION AND AT
THIS POINT I'M GOING TO TURN IT
OVER TO JILL THATCHER.
>> AS I STATED EARLIER.
>> THANK YOU.
I WANT YOU ALL TO KNOW THAT IN
SEVENTEEN YEARS AS A CITY
PLANNER I'VE NEVER BEEN TO THE
ZEBA SO I'M VERY HAPPY TO BE
HERE TONIGHT.
I CAN CROSS IT OFF MY BUCKET
LIST.
SO THIS IS PART OF THE OWL
CREEK PHASE TWO SITE PLAN
PROJECT WHICH IS CURRENTLY
UNDER REVIEW BY CITY STAFF.
>> THE REQUEST IS FOR A
VARIANCE OF SEVEN POINT EIGHT
FEET FROM THE REQUIRED THIRTY
FOUR POINT EIGHT FIVE FEET TO
TWENTY SEVEN POINT SEVENTY
SEVEN FEET RIGHT NOW THIS
PROPERTY IS ZONED I'M NOT SURE
WHAT IT'S OWN RIGHT NOW BUT IS
PROPOSED TO BE REASON TO R FOR
D AND THOSE ARE THE STANDARDS
THAT WE'RE APPLYING HERE.
THE BUILDING IS LONGER AND
TALLER THAN THAN A TYPICAL
BUILDING SO ADDITIONAL SET BACK
REQUIREMENTS ARE APPLIED IN
THIS CASE THEY THERE'S I
CHECKED THE CALCULATION WITH
THE ENGINEER WHO DID THEM
EVERYTHING WAS WAS WORKED OUT
FINE.
I DIDN'T INCLUDE THEM IN HERE
BUT IT DOES MEAN THAT THEY'RE
GOING FROM A 30 FOOT TO A
THIRTY FOUR POINT EIGHT FIVE
FOOT SETBACK REQUIREMENT THESE
ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS
ADDITIONAL SETBACK IS REQUIRED
BECAUSE IT'S MEANT TO BUFFER
THE NEIGHBORS FROM TALLER THAN
USUAL OR LONGER THAN USUAL
BUILDINGS.
THEY'RE REALLY AREN'T NEIGHBORS
HERE BECAUSE OF THE WETLAND.
>> SO IT'S NOT REALLY
ACCOMPLISHING ITS BUFFERING
GOAL IN THAT WAY.
>> HOWEVER, IT IS STILL
REQUIRED IN THE R FOR D AND
LET'S SEE ONE OTHER THING TO
ADD IS THAT THE BUILDING IS
CURRENTLY PROPOSED TO BE FIFTY
NINE POINT SEVENTY FIVE FEET
TALL AND PART OF THE REQUEST
FOR THE NEW HOUR FOR THE ZONING
IS TO CAP THE HEIGHT LIMIT AT
SEVENTY FIVE FEET INSTEAD
OF ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY FEET
WHICH YOU COULD GET FROM OUR
FORTY.
>> SO THERE'S STILL WELL WITHIN
THEIR SELF-IMPOSED RESTRICTION
ASSUMING THAT THAT REZONING
WOULD PASS SO I DON'T HAVE A
TON TO ADD HERE THE I SHOULD
POINT OUT THAT A LARGE PORTION
OF THOSE WETLANDS WERE DONATED
FROM OWL CREEK PHASE ONE.
THIS USED TO BE A BIG
RECTANGULAR PARCEL.
NO, IT HAS THAT MEANDERING REAR
LOT LINE THAT'S BECAUSE OF THE
DONATION THAT WAS MADE TO CITY
CITY PARKS AND NATURAL AREAS.
>> THE THE APPLICANT HERE DID
THEIR DUE DILIGENCE AND ASKED
THE CITY IF THEY WOULD ALTER
THAT LINE FOR THE CITY PARK
THAT WAS DONATED A COUPLE
OF YEARS AGO.
>> IT WENT THROUGH LEGAL IT WAS
DETERMINED THAT THAT WAS NOT
SOMETHING THAT THE CITY WAS
INTERESTED IN DOING.
>> IT WOULD PROBABLY REQUIRE A
VOTE OF THE PEOPLE OF THE CITY
OF ANN ARBOR IN ORDER TO CHANGE
THAT BOUNDARY EVEN IF THERE WAS
NO NET GAIN OR LOSS OF PARKLAND
.
BUT YOU KNOW, THEY DID LOOK
INTO THAT TO MAKE SURE THAT
THAT WASN'T A POSSIBILITY.
>> SO ANY OTHER QUESTIONS?
>> I'M HAPPY TO ANSWER THEM.
ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS FROM
ANYBODY ON THE BOARD?
CHRIS, I'M SORRY.
I THOUGHT YOU BOTH DID GREAT
JOB PRESENTING.
>> CAN WE GO ONE MORE TIME TO
THE SPECIFIC SPOT WHERE THE SET
BACK IS NOT BAD AND JUST
HIGHLIGHT THAT IS IT AT THE
CORNER OF THE YES.
RIGHT WHERE JOHN'S POINTING
WITH THE LITTLE ARROW IT'S AT
THAT IS THE CLOSEST POINT
OF THE PROPOSED BUILDING.
IT'S OVER THE TOP OF THAT
PARKING LOT.
>> THE PARKING LOT STAYS THE
BUILDING IS ELEVATED OVER THE
TOP OF IT AND THE CORNER OF THE
BUILDING THERE IS THIRTY EIGHT
I'M SORRY TWENTY SEVEN POINT
SEVENTY SEVEN FEET FROM THE
LAST LINE I THINK I WAS JUST
CONFUSING THE PARKING SPACES
INTO THE EDGE.
YEAH MAKES MORE SENSE.
THANK YOU VERY IT'S A LITTLE
BIT OVERHANGS A LITTLE BIT FROM
THOSE PARKING SPACES.
>> YEAH THAT'S WHAT I TRY TO
CONVEY IN THAT PRESENTATION I
SEE THAT LITTLE CORNER AND THEY
I HAVE GIVEN YOU GUYS ALL THAT
HAND THE HANDOUTS AND SO THAT
FITS THAT CORNER WHERE THE
BUILDING WILL BE SEVEN POINT
ZERO EIGHT FEET ADDITIONALLY TO
THAT STEP THAT ARE THERE ANY
OTHER QUESTIONS I HAD A
QUESTION IS THIS THE I WAS JUST
LOOKING FOR A MORE ZOOMED IN
VIEW OF THAT CORNER JUST
UNDERSTANDING WHAT ELEMENTS ARE
GOING AROUND THE PERIMETER
OF THE NEW BUILDING BETWEEN
THAT AND A LOT LINE IS JUST
GREEN SPACE OR IS THERE LIKE A
SIDEWALK TO SHOW LANDSCAPE?
>> THAT MIGHT BE A QUESTION FOR
THE APPLICANT.
>> OK, YEAH WHY DON'T YOU SEE
WHAT IMAGES HE SHOWS?
OK, I'M NOT MISSING ANYTHING IN
THE PACKET.
>> NO OK THANKS.
>> ARE THERE ANY OTHER
QUESTIONS SEEING NONE.
I DO HAVE QUESTIONS.
>> WHEN OWL CREEK DONATED THIS
WETLAND PARCEL TO THE CITY DID
THEY RECEIVE ANY DEVELOPMENT
PREMIUMS AS PART OF AN TRADE
FOR THAT I DO NOT KNOW BUT I
THINK YOU SHOULD ASK THE
APPLICANT OUT WHEN IT'S HIS
TURN TO STAND UP.
>> WELL, THEY MAY NOT KNOW
EITHER THEY MAY AND THEN
SECONDARILY IS I'M NOT FAMILIAR
WITH THIS PART AND HAVEN'T USED
IT BUT IT'S A WETLAND.
HAS THE COUNTY WATER RESOURCES
COMMISSIONER, FORMERLY THE
DRAIN COMMISSIONER WEIGHED IN
WITH WITH AN OPINION ON THIS?
>> THEY ARE ONE OF THE
REVIEWERS FOR THE PIPELINE
PROJECT.
OK, LET ME LOOK REALLY QUICKLY.
I'VE GOT IT OPEN HERE.
I CAN TELL YOU IF THEY HAD ANY
THE PIPELINE HAS BEEN THROUGH
ONE ROUND OF REVIEWS NOW IT'S
WAITING TO BE RESUBMITTED ONCE
STAFF QUESTIONS ARE RESPONDED
TO IN PART BECAUSE THE AFRICANS
WERE WAITING FOR THIS MEETING
TO SEE WHAT WOULD HAPPEN BEFORE
THEY UPLOADED THEIR NEXT ROUND
.
>> LET ME GO INTO HERE.
>> WE'VE GOT
WE HAVE A REQUIRED
RESUBMIT FOR COUNTY STORMWATER
REVIEW.
>> SO IT'S IT'S NOT BEEN SIGNED
OFF ON YET BUT IT'S UNDER
REVIEW.
>> OK, THANK YOU VERY MUCH WITH
THAT.
IF THE PETITION WOULD LIKE TO
COME TO THE MICROPHONE, GIVE US
YOUR PRESENTATION MORE MORE
BOARD ARCHITECTS ARCHITECT FOR
THE PROJECT OUR CIVIL ENGINEERS
COULDN'T BE WITH US HERE TODAY,
SIR.
>> I'M KIND OF DOING DOUBLE
DUTY OF THE CITY COUNCIL HAS
CHARGED MYSELF AND OTHERS WITH
TRYING TO FIND WAYS
OF ACCOMMODATING MY NEIGHBORS
IN OUR CITY AND IN THE FACE
OF A HOUSING CRISIS.
GIVEN THAT WE HAVE ESTABLISHED
BOUNDARIES FOR THE CITY AND
POLICIES IN PLACE TO PREVENT
SUBURBAN SPRAWL SO IN BEING
CREATIVE AND TRYING TO FIND
WAYS TO DO THAT THIS ONE
PROPERTY THAT WAS UNDER
UTILIZED THE LAND USE
EFFICIENCY IS QUITE LOW BECAUSE
QUITE HONESTLY THE EXISTING
REZONING IS A SUBURBAN MODEL
OF ZONING.
HOW DO I TELL YOU IT'S PRE YES
.
THAT THERE WAS A CHUNK THAT
UNUSUAL SHAPED KIND
OF SURROUNDS THE WETLANDS WAS
DONATED FROM THE ORIGINAL
PROPERTY CREATING THE IRREGULAR
PARCEL THAT IT IS TODAY.
HAD ANYBODY KNOWN THAT WE HAVE
A HOUSING CRISIS THAT THE CITY
WOULD AMELIORATE ITS PARKING
REQUIREMENTS THAT PROPERTY ENGL
THAT IS IN THAT UPPER RIGHT
HAND QUADRANT NORTHEAST
QUADRANT WOULD HAVE BEEN
ADJUSTED TO PERMIT THE BUILDING
THAT WE WANT TO BUILD AND JOE
MENTIONED WE EVEN CAME UP WITH
AN IDEA OF RE ALIGNING ANGLE
OF THAT THAT PROPERTY LINE EVEN
TO THE POINT WHERE THE CITY
WOULD BE A NET BENEFIT
OF GETTING MORE PARK AREA THAN
THEY HAVE TODAY.
IT WAS NOT TO BE SO GIVEN THE
FACT THAT THAT IS BEING IMPOSED
UPON US.
WE'RE ASKING FOR THE VARIANCE
YOU SEE BEFORE YOU TONIGHT THIS
BUILDING IS BEING PLACED IN THE
ONLY BUILDABLE AREA ON THE SITE
OVER IN PART AN EXISTING
IMPERVIOUS AREA.
SO THE ADVANTAGE OF BUILDING
THE BUILDING WHICH WILL
SLIGHTLY ENCROACH IS THAT IT
GIVES US THE ABILITY TO HAVE
MORE UNITS AND THEREFORE MORE
PEOPLE ACCOMMODATED IN THE CITY
WITHOUT INCREASING IMPERVIOUS
AREA.
ALL OF THE PARKING THAT IS
THERE TODAY WAS ORIGINALLY
REQUIRED FOR WHAT WAS BUILT IN
THEIR FIRST PHASE AND IS
UNUSED.
SO IT'S JUST A WASTED IN THIS
AREA SO WE'RE TRYING TO
INCREASE THE UTILITY AND
EFFICIENCY BY OUR ADDING THIS
NEW ELEMENT.
AS JOE MENTIONED, THE PURPOSE
OF THE REQUIREMENT DOESN'T
EXIST HERE.
THERE'S NO NEIGHBORS TO BUFFER
OUR BUILDING FROM AND WITH
RESPECT TO PREMIUM'S THERE WERE
NO PREMIUMS ALLOWED AND THIS IS
A ZONING CHARACTER FOR HE
DOESN'T HAVE ZONING PREMIUMS.
SO NO, THERE WASN'T ANYTHING
GAINED BY THE DONATION AND IT
IS BEING REVIEWED BY BOTH THE
CITY AND COUNTY, THE WETLANDS
YOU CAN SEE IN THAT DRAWING
THERE'S A TWENTY FIVE FOOT
BUFFER THAT THE CITY REQUIRES
FROM THE EDGE OF THE WETLAND SO
THAT THERE'S LITTLE TO NO
CHANCE THAT ANYTHING YOU DO
WILL ENCROACH INTO THE
WETLANDS.
SO YOU CAN SEE THAT WE'RE
STAYING WELL OUT OF THE WETLAND
BUT WE DO HAVE TO SHOEHORN THE
BUILDING IN BETWEEN THE PARKING
THAT'S THERE AND THE STORMWATER
DETENTION BASINS THERE THAT
KIND LAYS OUT THE SHAPE, THE
LENGTH AND THE WIDTH OF THAT
BUILDING.
THERE ARE NO PARTICULAR PAVED
WALKING SURFACES AROUND THAT
CORNER OF THE BUILDING SO IT
WOULD JUST BE NATURAL
LANDSCAPING.
THERE'S AN EXISTING DOG PARK TO
THE EAST WHICH WOULD BE
MAINTAINED SO THE RESIDENTS
WILL HAVE A PLACE TO WATCH THE
DOGS OFF THE LEASH.
WE HEARD FROM OUR PARTICIPATION
MEETING THAT THERE'S AN ACCESS
TO THE PARK ALONG EASTERNMOST
PROPERTY LINE THAT TRAVERSES A
WET MARSHY BOG AREA.
PEOPLE GET ALMADI AND INFLATES
TICKS DOWN AND SO WE'RE TALKING
WITH THE PARK DEPARTMENT THAT
MAY BE PART OF OUR PARKS
CONTRIBUTION FOR THE PROJECT
COULD BE USED TO PUT IN THE
MORE PERMANENT DRIER PATH OVER
THAT FERTILE STREAM THAT OCCURS
HERE AND IF YOU HAVE ANY OTHER
QUESTIONS THAT HAVE BEEN
ANSWERED DID YOU WANT TO GO
OVER THE SLIDES THAT WERE HERE
AT THE END OR NO.
YOU KNOW, I YEAH, I COULD
DEMONSTRATE IN ONE OF THOSE
SITES I THINK YOU GUYS HAVE
PRINTOUTS THAT WE ARE WELL
BEYOND I MEAN ORDERS
OF MAGNITUDE BEYOND THE RECORD
SETBACK FOR MOST OF THE LENGTH
OF THE BUILDING TWO HUNDRED
FEET YOU KNOW, AS YOU GET
FARTHER AND FARTHER THERE'S
SOME DIAGONAL DISTANCES THERE.
SO I THINK FROM FROM THE
CONCEPT OF HOW HOW DO WE HOW
WOULD YOU LOOK AT IT AS AN
AVERAGE THAT WE'RE WAY OVER THE
REQUIREMENT ONE MINUTE
REMAINING GOOD.
ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS FOR THE
APPLICATION OF THE QUESTION?
I NOTICE IN THE IN THE PACKET
IT JUST IT MADE MENTION THAT
THERE A VERTICAL INCREASE WAS
EVALUATED.
DID YOU WANT TO JUST SPEAK TO
THAT A LITTLE BIT.
SO SAYS HERE WITHOUT THE
VARIANCE THAT THE BALANCE
OF DENSITY CAN ONLY BE ACHIEVED
BY HIGHER BUILDING HEIGHT I
GUESS MAYBE THAT HAS REALLY
BEEN STUDIED AT ALL.
>> YEAH.
SO FOR EXAMPLE IF WE WERE TO
TAKE UNITS IF WE DIDN'T GET THE
VARIANCE WE COULDN'T BUILD OVER
THE EXISTING IMPERVIOUS AREA,
THOSE UNITS COULD IN THEORY BE
PILED ON TOP OF THE BUILDING.
THE ISSUE IS ONE
OF CONSTRUCTION TECHNOLOGY CAN
COST.
SO THE MICHIGAN BUILDING
CODE REQUIRES CHANGES IN
CONSTRUCTION TECHNOLOGY BASED
ON HEIGHT.
SO THE FIVE STAR THAT WE'RE
PROPOSING IS THE TALLEST THAT A
BUILDING CAN BE BUILT USING
WOOD FRAME CONSTRUCTION OFTEN
CALLED STICK CONSTRUCTION.
BEYOND THAT YOU'RE GETTING A
VERY MUCH MORE EXPENSIVE
CONSTRUCTION WHICH WOULDN'T
MAKE THE PROJECT FINANCIALLY
FEASIBLE I THINK.
OK, ARE THERE ANY OTHER
QUESTIONS FOR THE PETITIONER
AND I HAVE A QUESTION OK, I
APOLOGIZE.
I HAD TO STEP OUT SO YOU MAY
HAVE DRESSES TO BE GETTING I'M
SURE THERE WAS TO THIS IS IT
POSSIBLE TO SIMPLY CUT OUT A
CHUNK OF SEVEN FEET AND DESIGN
IT IN A DIFFERENT WAY TO
ACCOMMODATE THAT SETBACK AND
AVOID BEING HERE AGAIN?
>> NOT NOT EFFICIENTLY FROM THE
STANDPOINT OF CONSTRUCTION
TECHNOLOGY IT WOULD NEED TO
HAVE TO GO OVER THE ENTIRE
PARKING LOT OR BE PULLED BACK
SO IT DOESN'T GO IN THE PARKING
LOT.
>> OK, I'M JUST CURIOUS JUST
PICKING UP ON YOUR YOUR
RESPONSE RIGHT THERE.
SO IS THIS A PANEL SYSTEM OR
IT'S YOU SAID STICK BUILT BUT
IS THERE ANY PARALYZER TO THIS
?
YOU KNOW, PEOPLE THERE WOULD BE
PARALYZATION THE TECHNOLOGY IS
AVAILABLE TODAY WOULD ALLOW A
LOT OF THE OFF CONSTRUCTION
OF THE WALL BUT ON TRUCKS AND
BROUGHT IN AND THAT FACILITATES
CONSTRUCTION SPEED BUT IT STILL
LIMITS SPANNING BUSINESSES AND
COUNTY WHERE DISTANCES YOU
KNOW, IF IT WAS A POURED
CONCRETE BUILDING OR A
STRUCTURAL STEEL BUILDING, WE
JUST DO A LOT OF THINGS.
WE CAN'T DO IT WITH.
IT'S THE POINT.
YEAH, THAT'S SORT OF THE FOLLOW
UP TO CRISIS COMMENT.
>> I'LL GET THERE.
THANK YOU.
THEN WE WILL OPEN IT UP TO ANY
CALLERS.
ARE THERE ANY CALLERS THAT
WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK TO THIS
PROPOSAL FOR THERE ARE NO SO
THERE ARE NO CALLERS WITH THAT
WILL HOLD DISCUSSION OPEN ON
THIS PROPOSAL CALLS THE OH THE
PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED AND WE
WILL OPEN UP DISCUSSION FOR THE
BOARD ON THIS PROPOSAL.
THANKS
DISCUSSION EVERYONE.
CHRIS.
I THINK THE STANDARD SILLY EVEN
IF EVEN IF THERE WERE BUILDINGS
I'M NOT SURE WHAT THE PURPOSE
OF PROTECTING PROTECTING OTHER
MULTIFAMILY STRUCTURES FROM
THIS BUILDING.
>> I'M NOT SURE WHAT WILL HARM
I DON'T KNOW.
>> IT SEEMS LIKE A VERY
STANDARD AND I THINK WORD
HOUSING IN ANN ARBOR IS GREAT
ESPECIALLY YOU KNOW, IN A SPACE
THAT IS GOING TO JUST BE
PARKING OTHER WAYS.
>> ON THE OTHER HAND, I DON'T
KNOW, YOU KNOW, BECAUSE IT'S
YOU KNOW, LIKE I SAID, I'M SURE
THERE WAS A WAY TO TO COME UP
WITH SEVEN AND TREAT IT.
IS THERE ANY OTHER DISCUSSION
DHARMA SAY IT'S NICE TO SEE
SOMEONE COME FORWARD THAT'S THE
RESULT OF REMOVING MINIMUMS IN
EXCHANGE FOR MORE HOUSING AND I
AGREE.
YOU KNOW, THE PURPOSE OF THE
BUFFER IS ABOUT CREATING A
BUFFER BETWEEN NEIGHBORS ARE NO
NEIGHBORS.
SO I DON'T SEE THE PURPOSE IN
UPHOLDING THIS.
SO I PLAN TO SUPPORT THE
VARIANCE.
ANY OTHER DISCUSSION?
I'M JUST GOING TO SAY THAT AS
FAR AS I'M CONCERNED, IF THE
WATER RESOURCES PEOPLE IN THE
CITY PLANNERS SIGN OFF ON IT,
IT'S OH HAPPILY WELCOME MORE
HOUSING INTO THE COMMUNITY AND
PROCEED WITH THE VOTE.
>> I NEED MORE MOTION
, CHRIS.
I'LL DO IT.
I'LL DO DUE TO BASED ON THE
FOLLOWING FINDINGS AND IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE ESTABLISHED
STANDARDS FOR APPROVAL, THE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS HEREBY
GRANTS A SEVEN POINT ZERO EIGHT
FOOT SIDE YARD SETBACK VARIANCE
FROM TABLE FIVE POINT SEVENTEEN
POINT THREE B MULTIFAMILY
RESIDENTIAL ZONING DISTRICT
DIMENSIONS THE VARIANCES FOR
THE SOUTHEAST CORNER OF THE
PROPOSED BUILDING ADJACENT TO
THE WETLAND AREA OWNED BY THE
CITY OF ANN ARBOR.
THE PROPERTY ZONED R FOR D
MULTIPLE MULTIPLE FAMILY
DWELLING DISTRICT AND REQUIRES
A TWENTY FIVE YARD OR NOT
TWENTY FIVE YARD TWENTY FIVE
FOOT SIDE YARD SETBACK IS THEIR
SUPPORT.
I SUPPORT ALL I WANT THAT
MOTION TO IT'S A SEVEN POINT
ZERO SEVEN POINT ZERO EIGHT
FOOT STEP BACK FROM THE REAR
YARD OF THIRTY FOUR WHAT WAS
THIRTY FOUR POINT EIGHT FIVE SO
YEP SO IT'D BE A SEVEN POINT
ZERO FOOT STEP BACK FROM THE
THIRTY FOUR POINT EIGHTY FIVE
YARDS THAT THAT SO AMENDED.
>> OK THIS ONE TO MAKE THAT
CLEAR FOR THE RECORD AND YOU
ACCEPT THAT IS I OK OK A SECOND
WE GOT IT IN FACT AND GRACE
BOTH OF CHIMED IN AND I GAVE
HER DHARMA YES.
SADARA YES.
>> MIKE DANIEL YES.
CHRISTINA YES.
CHRIS YES.
GRACE YES.
AND I VOTE YES.
THAT'S SEVEN VOTE YES.
>> OH AND I SHOULD NOTE THAT
CANDICE, OUR BOARD CHAIR HAD TO
RECUSE HERSELF.
SO THAT'S SEVEN VOTES IN FAVOR,
NO VOTES AGAINST THE
VARIANCES
APPROVED WITH THAT MOVING ALONG
THE AGENDA, CANDICE IS COMING
BACK.
OH, I'M A I DID NOT LOSE THAT
ELECTION.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU
.
>> ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO DAY READ THESE
YOUR GLASSES.
>> UH, MOVING ON TO UNFINISHED
BUSINESS.
WE HAVE NONE NEW BUSINESS.
WE HAVE ADDRESSED
COMMUNICATIONS.
>> I BELIEVE WE ADDRESSED THOSE
WITH EACH PETITION PUBLIC
COMMENT.
THERE'S ANYONE FROM THE PUBLIC
WHO WISHES TO SPEAK TO THE QUBA
.
>> NOW'S YOUR CHANCE.
NOW'S YOUR CHANCE.
IF YOU'RE HERE IN PERSON,
PLEASE COME FORWARD.
IF YOU'RE ACCESSING THE MEETING
REMOTELY, PLEASE PRESS STAR
NINE OR USE THE RAISED HAND
FUNCTION.
>> THERE ARE NO CALLERS.
THANK YOU COURTNEY.
SO BEFORE WE ADJOURN AND THERE
WAS SUCH A LAST SECOND
APPOINTMENT WE SHOULD HAVE
PROBABLY HAD IT IN OUR NEW
BUSINESS.
>> BUT AT THIS TIME I'M GOING
TO WELCOME OUR NEW ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS.
REMEMBER HER NAME IS CEDRIC
HART AND SHE COMES TO US ALSO
FROM THE PLANNING COMMISSION.
SHE'S A PLANNING COMMISSIONER.
SO WELCOME ABOARD AND WE LOOK
FORWARD TO HAVING WELCOME GUESS
.
>> YEAH, PLEASE DO.
I'D LIKE TO I'M TRYING TO SET
UP A MEETING TO WITH SOME
PEOPLE THAT ARE CONVERSANT IN
THE DARK SKY REQUIREMENTS, THE
LIGHTING REQUIREMENTS THAT
WE'VE HAD A COUPLE OF TIMES
BEFORE THE ZIBA.
>> SO I'M I WANT TO GET
EDUCATED MYSELF ABOUT SOME
OF THIS SO I'M TRYING TO SET
THAT UP FOR MYSELF.
>> BUT WHEN I'M ABLE TO AND
IT'LL BE SOMETIME IN THE NEXT
THREE WEEKS I'D LIKE TO SEND
OUT AN INVITE ANYBODY HERE TO
JOIN SINCE I SEE THIS AS
SOMETHING THAT'LL BE COMING TO
US IN THE FUTURE AND I'LL MAKE
SURE THROUGH JOHN THAT WILL BE
INVITE INVITED TO THAT IT'S NOT
GOING TO BE IN REGARDS TO ANY
PARTICULAR PROPOSAL THAT IS
COMING BEFORE US BUT JUST TO
GIVE A BETTER SENSE AND SOME
EDUCATION ABOUT THE ISSUE AND I
MIGHT ALSO INVITE SOME OF MY
FELLOW MEMBERS OF THE WASHTENAW
COMMUNITY COLLEGE BOARD
OF TRUSTEES, ANOTHER PLACE
WHERE I'M SEEING SOME OF THESE
LIGHTING ISSUES POTENTIALLY
COMING BEFORE THAT BOARD THAT I
ON.
SO I'LL LET PEOPLE KNOW AND I
JUST WANTED TO GIVE IT ADVANCE
WARNING THAT HAS NOT BEEN SET
BUT IS LIKELY TO BE SET
SOMETIME IN THE NEXT SEVERAL
DAYS AND THEN FURTHER I JUST
LIKE TO SPEAK QUICKLY SINCE WE
HAVE PEOPLE HERE FROM THE
PLANNING COMMISSION AND FROM
PLANNING STAFF I KEEP THINKING
AS WE LOOK AT THESE CRITERIA
AND EVALUATE SOME OF THESE
PROPOSALS, THE ONE THAT WENT
DOWN ON A FOUR TO FOUR VOTE
EARLIER THAT THERE ARE
VARIANCES THAT COME BEFORE US
THAT NEED DIFFERENT CRITERIA
AND THIS IS SOMETHING THAT THE
PLANNING STAFF REALLY NEEDS TO
WORK ON AND AMONG THOSE ARE
FENCE'S SIGNE'S ELECTRIC
CHARGING STATIONS AND LIGHTING
AND I REALLY ENCOURAGE JOHN, IF
YOU COULD TAKE THAT TO THE
PLANNING DIRECTOR AND SEE IF
THERE COULD BE SOME DISCUSSION
ABOUT SOME SORT OF DIFFERENT
CRITERIA FOR US TO LOOK AT WHEN
WE'RE REVIEWING THOSE SORTS
OF PROPOSALS AND I'M NOT SURE
OTHER PEOPLE ON THE BOARD MAY
DISAGREE AND WE DID RECENTLY
HAVE THE RETREAT AND I RAISED
THAT THEN SO I'M RAISING IT
AGAIN.
OK, THANKS DAVE.
ANY OTHER COMMENTS SAYING NOT
TO HAVE A MOTION TO ADJOURN?
>> THANK YOU, CHRIS.
ALL IN FAVOR OR SORRY SUPPORT
FOR THANK YOU DAVE.
ALL IN FAVOR IF I POST HERE
URGENT.
>> THANKS EVERYBODY.